docs: Accessibility copy updates (#1117)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/guidelines/accessibility/overview.mdx

</AnchorLinks>

## Resources

<Row className="resource-card-group">
<Column colMd={4} colLg={4} noGutterSm>
  <ResourceCard
    subTitle="IBM Accessibility Checklist"
    href="https://www.ibm.com/able/guidelines/ci162/accessibility_checklist.html"
    >

![IBM bee icon](images/bee.svg)

  </ResourceCard>
</Column>
<Column colMd={4} colLg={4} noGutterSm>
  <ResourceCard
    subTitle="IBM accessibility quick guidance (Internal resource)"
    href="https://w3.ibm.com/able/devtest/quick/"
    >

![IBM bee icon](images/bee.svg)

  </ResourceCard>
</Column>
</Row>

## Carbon and accessibility

Accessible design not only helps users with disabilities; it provides better user experiences for everyone.

An accessible product should:

- Give all users the same quality of experience
- Adapt to users and situations

Carbon components follow the [IBM Accessibility Checklist](https://www.ibm.com/able/guidelines/ci162/accessibility_checklist.html) which is based on WCAG AA, Section 508, and European standards. The Carbon team strives to write perceivable, operable, and understandable patterns for all users—including those employing a screen reader or other assistive technology.

> Individually accessible elements and components are just part of building accessible products. Use this guide to design and build products that anyone can use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Individually accessible elements and components are part of building accessible products. Use this guide to design and build products that anyone can use.
```

<AnchorLink>Carbon and accessibility</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Categories of disabilities</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Global accessibility standards</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Tools</AnchorLink>

</AnchorLinks>

## Resources

<Row className="resource-card-group">
<Column colMd={4} colLg={4} noGutterSm>
  <ResourceCard
    subTitle="IBM Accessibility Checklist"
    href="https://www.ibm.com/able/guidelines/ci162/accessibility_checklist.html"
    >

![IBM bee icon](images/bee.svg)

  </ResourceCard>
</Column>
<Column colMd={4} colLg={4} noGutterSm>
  <ResourceCard
    subTitle="IBM accessibility quick guidance (Internal resource)"
    href="https://w3.ibm.com/able/devtest/quick/"
    >

![IBM bee icon](images/bee.svg)

  </ResourceCard>
</Column>
</Row>

## Carbon and accessibility

Accessible design not only helps users with disabilities; it provides better user experiences for everyone.

An accessible product should:

> - Give every user the same quality of experrience, regardless of ability

Reviewer 2: typo
```suggestion
- Give every user the same quality of experience, regardless of ability
```

Reviewer 2: What do you think about:
"Give all our users the same quality of experience."

- Adapt to users and situations

Carbon components follow the [IBM Accessibility Checklist](https://www.ibm.com/able/guidelines/ci162/accessibility_checklist.html) which is based on WCAG AA, Section 508, and European standards. The Carbon team strives to write perceivable, operable, and understandable patterns for all users—including those employing a screen reader or other assistive technology.

Individually accessible elements and components are just part of building accessible products. Use this guide to design and build products that anyone can use.

## Categories of disabilities

> Disabilities can be thought of as a mismatch between one's ability and one's environment. There are three main types:

Reviewer 2: Hmmm -- this is heady stuff. Wondering if we _need_ this though.

Author: I'd rather get rid of it, wanted to leave it in in case if was critical. If you're cool with getting rid of it I am too

#### What designers should think about

- Maximize the readability and visual clarity of content.
- Consider how the relative proximity of information changes when a page is magnified.
- Follow [keyboard guidelines](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/keyboard-accessibility/) and test with a screen reader to ensure the page is read to the user in a logical order.
- To gain a better understanding of the various low-vision disabilities, use the [NoCoffee](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nocoffee/jjeeggmbnhckmgdhmgdckeigabjfbddl) Chrome plugin to preview websites.

> 

Reviewer 2: - designing for users with [cognitive and learning disabilities](https://www.w3.org/WAI/cognitive/)

Author: What is this in response to?

Reviewer 2: Sorry -- super not clear in hindsight. It's an additional overarching concern for designers working accessibly.

#### How this applies to everyone

> - Users without disabilities sometimes need to view screens in poor lighting conditions. For example, it's difficult to see a screen outside on a bright day. A higher-contrast design will make the screen more usable for everyone.

Reviewer 2: :D An excellent point worth making.

#### What designers should think about

> - Carbon color themes adhere to universal color contrast guidelines. The color palette should ensure you avoid contrast issues when used correctly. If you're working in Sketch, we recommend the [Stark](http://www.getstark.co/) plugin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Carbon color themes strive to comply with the [WCAG 2.1 AA guidelines for contrast](https://www.w3.org/WAI/cognitive/). The color palette should ensure you avoid contrast issues when used correctly. If you're working in Sketch, we recommend the [Stark](http://www.getstark.co/) plugin.
```

#### What designers should think about

- Design for keyboard interaction
- Learn how to navigate using a [keyboard](https://help.gnome.org/users/gnome-help/stable/keyboard-nav.html.en) and spend some time navigating the web and digital products like email using only the keyboard.

#### How this applies to everyone

- Many users prefer to navigate interfaces with a keyboard and no mouse for efficiency. Good keyboard navigation can help everyone be more productive.

### Users with cognitive disabilities

Functional cognitive disabilities can result in difficulties with:

- Memory
- Problem solving
- Attention
- Reading, linguistic, and verbal comprehension
- Mathematics
- Visual comprehension

#### How they experience an interface

- May have limited working memory and need information to remain visible throughout the completion of a task
- May experience seizures when exposed to flashing content due to epilepsy

#### What designers should think about

> - Designers should avoid complex language, autoplay animations and videos, flashing animations, and fundamental cognitive usability heuristics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Designers should avoid complex language, autoplaying animations and videos, and flashing animations. Designs should pass usability heuristics, such as cognitive walkthroughs, to ensure users do not feel overloaded when completing tasks. 
```

- Design for keyboard interaction
- Learn how to navigate using a [keyboard](https://help.gnome.org/users/gnome-help/stable/keyboard-nav.html.en) and spend some time navigating the web and digital products like email using only the keyboard.

#### How this applies to everyone

- Many users prefer to navigate interfaces with a keyboard and no mouse for efficiency. Good keyboard navigation can help everyone be more productive.

### Users with cognitive disabilities

Functional cognitive disabilities can result in difficulties with:

- Memory
- Problem solving
- Attention
- Reading, linguistic, and verbal comprehension
- Mathematics
- Visual comprehension

#### How they experience an interface

- May have limited working memory and need information to remain visible throughout the completion of a task
- May experience seizures when exposed to flashing content due to epilepsy

#### What designers should think about

- Designers should understand the danger of complex language, flashing animations, and fundamental cognitive usability heuristics.
- Design in as linear a fashion as possible and focus on design heuristics that have to do with cognitive load and memory.

> 

Reviewer 2: From a cognitive standpoint autoplaying gifs and videos should be avoided if used at all.
